server init
Relative Price Mode : true
Relative Price Mode : false
server init
found not drink : wasser
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : citro
found not drink : citro
found not drink : citro
found not drink : citro
found not drink : citro
found not drink : wasser
found not drink : wasser
found not drink : wasser
found not drink : wasser
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
found not drink : cola
reaload Drink List
change Drink Path : C:/Users/l.hefti/Desktop/StockWebside/stocks2.txt
change Drink Path : C:/Users/l.hefti/Desktop/StockWebside/stocks.txt
Relative Price Mode : true
server init
server init
server init
server init
server init
